---
layout: post
title: Ann Miura-Ko
description: Co-founding Partner at Floodgate VC Firm, Forbes' Most Powerful Woman in Startups
image: assets/images/profilepics/ann_ko.jpeg
allpeoplepics: assets/images/allpeoplepics/ann_ko.jpeg
person: ann_ko
category: Venture_Capitalist
imgattribution: Medium, Women of Silicon Valley
bookattribution: https://tim.blog/2018/08/02/ann-miura-ko/ 
redirect_from: /venture_capitalist/2018/09/03/ann-ko
---

Ann Miura-Ko is one of the early investors of Lyft, TaskRabbit, Refinery29, and companies in machine intelligence like Ayasdi and Xamarin which were quickly acquired by Microsoft (and just to number drop… for a speculated $400 mill). And to top it off, she backs women hard, as a founding member of <i>All Raise</i>, the venture fund that is trying to get more female funders and female founders into the startup space that has too-long been dominated by men. These achievements put her on the Midas list, which is Forbes’ definitive list of the top 100 venture capitalists that year in high-tech and life sciences (how? <a href="http://fortune.com/2011/04/06/nitpicking-the-forbes-midas-list/">Here</a>). 

She has a bachelor in electrical engineering from Yale and a PhD in mathematical modeling of computer securities from Stanford University which, by the way, was completed after the birth of her first child while she was pregnant with the second. Today, in addition to being a mom of four kids (three humans and one dog) and a partner/founding member at Floodgate Ventures in Silicon Valley, she also lectures on entrepreneurship at Stanford. 

Miura-Ko is not only known for all of the insanely impressive achievements just mentioned but also being a champion debater, placing first in the National Tournament of Champions and second in the State of California in high school. 

Yep… she’s phenomenal. 





